record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Amy Winehouse,Back to Black
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
top:Taylor Swift
top:Amy Winehouse
top:Simple Plan
top:Michael Jackson
record:Michael Jackson,Beat It
record:Michael Jackson,Smooth Criminal
record:Simple Plan,Welcome to My Life
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Michael Jackson,Smooth Criminal
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Simple Plan,Welcome to My Life
record:Taylor Swift,Cruel Summer
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Taylor Swift,Cruel Summer
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Amy Winehouse,Back to Black
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Simple Plan,Welcome to My Life
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Amy Winehouse,Back to Black
record:Simple Plan,Welcome to My Life
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Michael Jackson,Smooth Criminal
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Back to Black
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Simple Plan,Welcome to My Life
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Taylor Swift,Cruel Summer
record:Taylor Swift,Cruel Summer
record:Amy Winehouse,Back to Black
record:Taylor Swift,Cruel Summer
record:Taylor Swift,Cruel Summer
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Simple Plan,Welcome to My Life
record:Michael Jackson,Smooth Criminal
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Michael Jackson,Beat It
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Michael Jackson,Beat It
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
top:Taylor Swift
top:Amy Winehouse
top:Simple Plan
top:Michael Jackson
record:Amy Winehouse,Back to Black
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Michael Jackson,Beat It
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Simple Plan,Welcome to My Life
record:Michael Jackson,Smooth Criminal
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Simple Plan,Welcome to My Life
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Michael Jackson,Beat It
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Michael Jackson,Beat It
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Taylor Swift,Cruel Summer
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Michael Jackson,Beat It
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Michael Jackson,Smooth Criminal
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Simple Plan,Welcome to My Life
record:Michael Jackson,Beat It
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Taylor Swift,Cruel Summer
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Taylor Swift,Cruel Summer
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Back to Black
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Amy Winehouse,Valerie
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Michael Jackson,Beat It
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Amy Winehouse,Rehab
record:Simple Plan,Addicted
record:Michael Jackson,Billie Jean
record:Michael Jackson,Thriller
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Taylor Swift,Shake It Off
record:Michael Jackson,Smooth Criminal
record:Amy Winehouse,Back to Black
record:Simple Plan,Untitled
record:Taylor Swift,You Belong With Me
record:Simple Plan,Perfect
record:Taylor Swift,Love Story
record:Amy Winehouse,Addicted
record:Amy Winehouse,Back to Black
top:Taylor Swift
top:Amy Winehouse
top:Simple Plan
top:Michael Jackson
